good
or the one that they release and that in this
occasion we will show how to install
a custom room based on android 4.4
points 2 for samsung galaxy s 4 mini
the gti version and 91 95 l to be able
be to what is right in recovery
previously you must have rooted
what is the equipment and install what is
the custom recovery for that we already have
a video that I leave it here for
they can come and they can rootear you
do all the steps to be able to
successfully install what is being
fair
for this there will be two files one
which is the rom and the other that are the
google apps very well for this what
we have here in what is the desktop
you can not see well there is like
can see what we have in what is
desk what are we going to go to
then it is to connect what is
the computer the computer to be able
pass these two files and be able to
continue with what is the installation
more so that I know it once today
recognized let's copy the two
files in the phone's memory
we give here to open the phone number
we put what are the two files
we have to finish here is a
little pesadito well then we are going to
pass what is the video nothing else for
that what you finish copying and if you already
we return with good installation because
they have passed what are the files to
What we are going to do next is
turn off the computer
here we will turn it off and enter what
is the mode recover the recovers mode with
the top button keys home and
poor at the same time
for this equipment to turn off to
to be able to continue with what the list
of kurt shoulder
to see is a pretty light rumba this
It is the first time we will try
we have already seen in another side type is
well it looks pretty good it promises that
It is very light for this team if
cut this equipment so fast that it
supposes that with this course to create much
faster very well it would be off
in everything while we are recovering
I respect you again the volume above
home and poor at the same time
the degree release them and as you can see
the channel of legends and you can enter
what is in record mode
and to be able to install what is the
shoulder first you have to do is
give us white da tan factors set this one goes
to erase all memory files
all all contacts therefore they
I recommend before doing all the
steps you can do what that backup
first white data to the wct tour with the
center button and we confirm you
when they are cleaning what is the
team
in a corner of cleaned of what is
wait for the cip
and we are going to give you your reports of
character the first option
we give it back to the first option and
we look for the Rome that in this case
wv pm 11 and here is
to confirmation
and here they lie, cutting down what is so much
once you have finished installing
this breaks what we see next
are activities that are in this case the
play thor and I think rather some
others
what are the basic ones to be able to
use it
settle here
you will leave the video because I want to see what
that they see every step that we are going to have
another version so that it does not get confused
part behind the wheel
again so good an apology for
by the noises that there is music or some
strange noise that can be heard by
there because there's a party in my house for
so I can not help it
here we have installing what this
package but
a little more and the video since I do not want
that evening too much at the time
that ends we go back to show how
are the guides, well, here
finished what is the installation here
fit in vertices such kart fornés
complete now let's clarify what is
the guide is a similar process what
We did with the rom let's go to the tiger nut and
flourishes from here we give the first
option and we choose now the idea is that
the apps here here signet points and you
we give with the central button we are going to
install and there it is already finished
install what are all google to
94 forgiveness of 44.2
and this mode install with the blue bar
as first that installing when
this one ends then we should have
finished with the installation the only thing
that we have to restart the phone to
who can see that we already have
android 4.4 points 2
very well here we already finished therefore
with the key and more let's go back and you
let's give what is the first option
that says system but in redwood system
now
it is already restarting what is the
team and it should be restarted well
with what is different from what we are
accustomed you should not start with what
what is the custom recovery that in this
case that angel mode if it is not wrong
but with the custom room company that as
can see if it is indeed a
elder fed mont based on android 4.4
points as you know that normally
first beginnings in the phones every
Once we install a new rom
well a little late since it has
have to load all the files that are
all the modifications that were
we did and so good at this moment what
let's see again pause the
video so that it does not stretch so long and
when rain and when it starts
completely because then we will continue
giving what is this little review that
let's see it
well here as you can see it has already
rebooted what is the team we are
on the screen it start
cyanogenmod to configure it and then
good it resets approximately
after about two minutes after
we passed the video then in this case
let's put what is in Spanish in
usa we give you next next in this
good case in this case then we are going to
issue some small parts then for
make it fast this little video we
omit here we will see that we are not left
we do not give it to next - well that already
you can configure later you
today will have more let's do it for
I can show you what this course is
in recovery quickly as they can
measure is welcoming us
to the team and well as you can see here already
you can see that we already have what it is
android kitkat as you can - go out all
those who leave normally welcome
and everything as you can see here we already have
guides that are the play store / mail the
sangha outs in the voice search the
search bar in the same way and then
to confirm good that is already
android 4.4 points we go to configuration
let's go to the bottom we're going
about the device and here as
can see we already have
is the gt version and 91-95 in this case
for being custom we do not take off the letter
l and for the rom version of android
forgiveness 4.4 points 2
palmer the one that we keep tight comes out
android 4.4 point 2
let's keep it tight and we get
all versions of what they have already
existed and how can you see well
this is a video as you can see
pretty fast very simple without any
problem to be able to install this rom and
Well that was all for this little
video I hope you have served them I hope
can successfully update their
galaxy s 4,000 and remember that your
exclusively for the gti version 91 95
And well, I'm a meringue and
we see in a next video bye bye